## Technologies

- .NET 5
- ASP .NET 5
- Entity Framework CORE 5

## Getting Started

1. Install the latest [.NET 5 SDK](https://dotnet.microsoft.com/download)
2. Select Web as the startup project.
3. Add the initial migration and update the database.
4. Build and run the solution.

To add a migration using the Package Manager console use
`Add-Migration Example -OutputDir "Persistence\Migrations"`
To add a migration using the dotnet cli use
`$ backend/web> dotnet ef migrations add Example -p ../Infastructure --output-dir "Persistence\Migrations"`
Swagger is available at /swagger
When developing locally you can apply migrations with
`$ backend/Web> dotnet ef database update`

To change output folder of the autogenerated ts api file, change output in the bottom of nswag.json in the Web project.

### Environment

Be sure to ass a `appsettings.Development.json` for all local app settings such as API keys. Do NOT commit any keys related to any test or production environment.

## Snippets

cqrs will generate boilerplate code for MediatR + CQRS
cqrsval will generate boilerplate cqrs validator.

Import in Visual Studio 19:
Tools -> Code Snippet Manager -> Import

## Overview

### Domain

This will contain all entities, enums, exceptions, interfaces, types and logic specific to the domain layer.

### Application

This layer contains all application logic. It is dependent on the domain layer, but has no dependencies on any other layer or project. This layer defines interfaces that are implemented by outside layers. For example, if the application need to access a notification service, a new interface would be added to application and an implementation would be created within infrastructure.

### Infrastructure

This layer contains classes for accessing external resources such as file systems, web services, smtp, and so on. These classes should be based on interfaces defined within the application layer.

### Web

This layer is ASP.NET Core 3 api. This layer depends on both the Application and Infrastructure layers, however, the dependency on Infrastructure is only to support dependency injection. Therefore only _Startup.cs_ should reference Infrastructure.
